docs: add migration guide for libp2p@0.46.x (#1883)
libp2p/js-libp2p: doc/migrations/v0.45-v0.46.md

# Migrating to libp2p@46 <!-- omit in toc -->

A migration guide for refactoring your application code from libp2p v__ to v__.

## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Graceful stream closing](#graceful-stream-closing)
- [Stream/Connection stat properties](#streamconnection-stat-properties)
- [Interface module consolidation](#interface-module-consolidation)

## Graceful stream closing

> Streams can either be closed gracefully, where we wait for any unsent data to be sent, or aborted in which case any unsent data is discarded and a reset message is sent, notifying the remote of the abnormal termination.

Reviewer: If a stream is aborted, and the `.reset` method has been removed, why is it that a _reset_ message is sent as opposed to an _abort_ message?

Author: There's no such thing as an abort message.

Calling `.abort` will cause a reset message to be sent to the remote.

Receiving a reset message from the remote will cause the stream to throw.

Reviewer: That's good to know, whenever working with yamux I often wondered what was the distinction between the [two](https://github.com/ChainSafe/js-libp2p-yamux/blob/dc55dcf4972c4805cebea4c3a4c18eafc9d17adc/src/constants.ts#L26-L27) albeit the spec rightly only makes reference to a stream reset.

To close a stream gracefully we call the `.close` method (or `.closeRead`/`.closeWrite` for when we want half-closed streams). To abort a stream we call `.abort` and pass an error object.

In previous versions the `.close` method was synchronous which meant it could not wait for existing data to be sent which made nodes behave unpredictably.

From `0.46.x` the `.close`/`.closeRead`/`.closeWrite` methods on the Stream interface are now asynchronous.  `.abort` is a synchronous method that accepts an Error object.

Similarly the Connection interface now has asynchronous `.close` and synchronous `.abort` methods.

The `.reset` method has been removed from the Stream interface as it is only to be invoked internally by stream multiplexers when a remote stream reset has occurred.

**Before**

> ```js

Reviewer: Going forward we should really utilize Typescript examples so that they can be compiled and thus reduce the probability of doc errors.

Author: Probably, though it'll involve a lot of boilerplate `import`s.

Reviewer: True, but otherwise we lose the benefit of the type safety. Perhaps we can begin with https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/issues/1777 as a precedent.

# Migrating to libp2p@46 <!-- omit in toc -->

> A migration guide for refactoring your application code from libp2p v__ to v__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A migration guide for refactoring your application code from libp2p `v0.45` to `v0.46`.
```

## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [New features](#new-features)
  - [Manual identify](#manual-identify)
  - [Transient connections](#transient-connections)
- [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes)
  - [Graceful stream closing](#graceful-stream-closing)
  - [Stream/Connection stat properties](#streamconnection-stat-properties)
  - [Interface module consolidation](#interface-module-consolidation)

## New features

### Manual identify

The [identify protocol](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/identify/README.md) is used by libp2p to discover which protocols a remote peer supports. By default it runs on every connection after it opens.

> Applications interested in peers that support certain protocols can register [topology callbacks]() to be notified when network peers that support those protocols connect or disconnect.

Reviewer: Missing link on the topology callbacks

Author: Fixed.
